ah
Y
i
hello youtube friends how am i
man 3000 and this is curiosities of
donkey kong
in my opinion donkey kong is one of the
best game franchises good
No. 1 begin knew what tranqui
code is the original donkey kong that
appeared on arcade machines
throwing barrels at mario and that the
donkey kong of the super nintendo is the one
before it was donkey kong juniors in fact
even the franchise has
confirmed in the intro of donkey kong
country there is a curious wink to this data
in the intro you can see tranqui
playing the original donkey song
kong for the arcade and you can also
see crans and on a very surface
similar to the first game of donkey
Kong is also seen throwing from a
barrel to donkey kong from now doing
reference to the original game
apart from what has already been mentioned in the donkey
kong country for game boy advance to
talk to frank and many times he tells us
that retro games were better than
the barrels weighed more and between things
number 2 universal sued nintendo
the resemblance that had the name
key with the protagonist of the movie
king kong but they won the demand those of
nintendo the legal adviser called john
Kirby helped Nintendo win the
judgment because of this it is said that for that
reason kirk o'bee is so called number 3
donkey kong country 2 and it will appear in
the virtual boy that's how they hear it
one of the best games of the super
nintendo was going to be in the virtual boy
the game was just beginning to
development but was canceled due to
the sales so low that the virtual
boy, imagine what the game would be like if
I would have left for the virtual boy
first let's look at the bad if this game
would have been released for the virtual boy
It would be entirely in red and black which
it would be a bit annoying since the virtual
boy only has the ability
of emitting those two colors would also be
annoying to play it every 15 minutes since
as you will know if you play it more than
15 minutes will give headache now
let's look at the good if it had gone to
to have left is true that it would be annoying
see everything in red and black however in
several levels this would be great since
it would cause a sinister look and
mysterious as would be the case of the level
of the castle of the final boss that in my
opinion would cause much more emotion to see it
in red and black I would also have
amazing 3d effects and playability
ignores how to move from a close-up to
a background as seen in guardiola
Cndh imagine moving from a barrel of
close up to a background and notice
the depth as great as in
guardiola cndh or that with gold is
when you can throw coconuts towards the
camera but definitely the best
would be the end in third dimension
it would be a great game but as I said it is not
could play more than 15 minutes in a row
it would not be good to play in the virtual
gogh and this game well as you will know the
3d effect for the virtual boy is harmful
for the human eye in my opinion it would be
great to be taken out for the nintendo
3ds since this console despite having
a 3d effect without glasses its effect is not
harmful to the eyes nor does it cause
as dizzy as the virtual boy does
number 4 in donkey kong 3 you can see
that the old lady is playing a
game because they believe it or not is
playing the super Mario 64 can you
appreciate that you are playing with a
nintendo 64 you also hear the
song of the castle of the princess
peach
here
number 5
previously the game of donkey kong
arcade was going to have different characters
which were going to be popeye brutes and
Olive Nintendo could not get the
license of these characters
then shigeru miyamoto looked
forced to create new characters for
this game but with the same gameplay
They replaced Brutus by Donkey Kong
olive pauline and abutted and Mario
number 6
donkey kong at the beginning he was going to call
monkey com however for an error of
translation was called donkey kong in
america number 7 in donkey kong 2 los
pinches monkeys do not know how to add or divide
xd just look at the blackboard on the left
and you'll see what I'm talking about 9 divided into 3
6 8 for 19
and to finish number 8
at the end of donkey kong country 2 it
You can appreciate how many coins you have and
what nintendo characters did you win
getting coins the characters are
queen mario and I do, but that's not what
curious the funny thing is the dump
they say eye bears that means they do not have
Hope is curious since next
dumpster appear sonic boots and
the tree plasma gun game like
you'll know at the time of the nineties and that
the video game companies were given
hard on commercials and insults by
so to say it in a subjective way as is
the case of this curiosity x of good and
that's all youtube friends
i